One of the reasons for re‑releasing this course was because Spring quit
offering a direct download for the compiled jars.
Sure, there are ways to obtain it,
but nothing is simple as just clicking a link on their project page.
With some of my older courses,
people had asked for it just to focus on one technology and
not use supporting tools such as Maven.
Well, like it or not, Spring wants you to download their tools using Maven.
It will be simple for this course, though,
and candidly,
any project of moderate complexity should be using Maven
or Gradle to manage its dependencies.
The Maven repo has the source, Javadocs,
and binaries all available for download.
One of the main reasons Spring wants you to use Maven is because of the
transitive dependencies that are required to run projects.
We're going to start off by setting up our app to use Spring
Boot and then add in the features that Spring Boot doesn't
offer out of the basic configuration.
Let's get our app configured and use Maven to download those defenses that our app will require now.